Had a nightmare
Sister, I dreamed of that bracelet again
Granddaughter, forget the bracelet.
Come to soup cockroaches
My name is Gao Ruonan
Really not young
It's okay to drink soup
This is the soup of our Zhang family sovereignty
Not only through active meridians
It calms the mind.
No, Yi and I don't need a fetus
Really not
This divine wheat is the decoction on the extraction of spiritual medicine
Zhang Lao, your yellow stone bracelet.
When do you plan to come back?
I heard that people outside for that bracelet
Did you hit the head with blood?
Hmph, let them grab it
Anyway, the granddaughter has found a broken bracelet
Never mind. According to the grapevine
Your royal bracelet
But the power has been hidden for nearly 50 years
I don't know if it's true or not.
In case it falls into the wrong hands
Hahahaha